feat: add ignoreReviewers config option (#19776)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/automerge.md

When automerge is enabled on a PR, Renovate will _not_ add assignees or reviewers at PR creation time, in order to decrease notifications noise a little.
If tests subsequently _fail_, making automerge not possible, then Renovate will add the configured assignees and/or reviewers.

> Note: Revovate won't add reviewers if they are already present. If for some reason you want to override such behavior, you can use `ignoreReviewers` to specify those which should be filtered out in such consideration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Renovate won't add assignees and reviewers to a PR with failing checks if the PR already has assignees or reviewers present.
If there are accounts you wish to ignore (i.e. add assignees and reviewers regardless) then add them to  `ignoreReviewers` to specify those which should be filtered out in such consideration.
```
